# File: Notes.txt
# Auth: Sam Whang

# Radius and the Double Circles -- Aug 27
Should have a double circle. Outside and an inner circle. Inside circle views 
all three attributes (character of terrain, light visibility and unit shown).
Each level from the inner torwards the outside circle lowers the intensity of
the light level. All levels outside the inner circle can only view the light
level and the terrain character. Any units inside the outer circle but out-
side the inner circle cannot be seen except with an "?" character instaed of
its true representation. Any level outside the outer circle is divided into
two categories. Terrain and units. Units are invisible outside the double 
circle. The terrain however is divided again into two categories. Walls and
floors. Floors are invisible after they are outside the circle. Usually this
does not impact the game or should not impact the game so much. However the
walls will remain permanent after they have had their fog of war lifted. The
color of their visibility should be the lowest light level before completely
dark.


# Lights and Multiple LOS -- Sept 7
I want to add light sources to my map. Maybe to allow for lamps and firepits
in the future. Overall goal is to get them working so I can start building
spaceship vehicle interiors. Multiple light sources can add ominence and 
fanciness during town/harbor visits and fear/safety during monster encounters.
Hopefully it won't take too much time. This is more of a extra for this project
since I have not yet finished the basics. So how should I start? First we can
decouple line of sight from map and create a light/shadow class for the map
class to hold instead of using line of sight in the map class.
